# You can edit this file by hand, but it's recommended not to do that.

# Marks:
'h
	/home/shubham/
	..
1589518683
'v
	/home/shubham/.config/vifm
	vifmrc
1590063199

# Bookmarks:

# Trash content:
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S2/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S2/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_Torrent downloaded from pimp4003-torrents.me.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S2/Torrent downloaded from pimp4003-torrents.me.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S2/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/001_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S3/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/001_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S3/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/001_Torrent downloaded from pimp4003-torrents.me.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S3/Torrent downloaded from pimp4003-torrents.me.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/001_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S3/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/002_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S4/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/002_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S4/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/002_Torrent downloaded from pimp4003-torrents.me.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S4/Torrent downloaded from pimp4003-torrents.me.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/003_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S5/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/003_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S5/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/002_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S5/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_[TGx]Downloaded from torrentgalaxy.to .txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/UFC 249 Ferguson vs Gaethje/[TGx]Downloaded from torrentgalaxy.to .txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_repack.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/UFC 249 Ferguson vs Gaethje/repack.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/004_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S6/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/004_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S6/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_friends-season-6-poster.jpg
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S6/friends-season-6-poster.jpg
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/003_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S6/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/005_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S7/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/005_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S7/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/004_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S7/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/006_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S8/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/006_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S8/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/005_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S8/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/007_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S9/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/007_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S9/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/006_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S9/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/008_Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S10/Torrent downloaded from AhaShare.com.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/008_Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S10/Torrent downloaded from d2.vu.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/007_sujaidr.txt
	/home/shubham/Videos/Series/Friends/S10/sujaidr.txt
t/home/shubham/.local/share/vifm/Trash/000_web.html
	/home/shubham/Documents/web.html
